Title:
The set of Laotou and Bingxiang --Acmers Buy Houses

Time Limit: 1s

Description:
As we know, there are many rich acmers in 573, they mant to buy a new house as a new lab in campus of heu. However, the god of water—— ji ji wang likes watering groups so much that there are plenty of water in heu, which causes the flood.
To enable acmers to estimate the cost of flood insurance, they assume the elevation of each 10-meter by 10-meter square of land in regions of heu where houses may be purchased. 
Water from ji ji wang will collect first in those squares with the lowest elevations, since water from squares of higher elevation will run downhill. 
For simplicity, acmers also assume that water sewers enable water from high-elevation squares in heu (completely enclosed by still higher elevation squares) to drain to lower elevation squares, and that water will not be absorbed by the land. 
Acmers know the typical volume of water that collects in a region of heu. As prospective housebuyers, they wish to know the elevation of the water after it has collected in low-lying squares, and also the percentage of the region's area that is completely submerged (that is, the percentage of 10-meter squares whose elevation is strictly less than the water level). 
Please write the program that provides these results. 

Input:
The input consists of a sequence of region descriptions. Each begins with a pair of integers, m and n, each less than 30. giving the dimensions of the rectangular region in 10-meter units. Immediately following are m lines of n integers giving the elevations of the squares in row-major order. 
Elevations are given in meters, with positive numbers or zero representing elevations above and below sea level, respectively. The final value in each region description is an integer that indicates the number of cubic meters of water that will collect in the region. 
A pair of zeroes follows the description of the last region.
 
Output:
For each region, display the region number (1, 2, ...), the water level (in meters above the sea level) and the percentage of the region's area under water, each on a separate line. The water level and percentage of the region's area under water are to be displayed accurate to two fractional digits. 
Follow the output for each region with a blank line. 

Sample Input:
3 3
25 37 45
51 12 34
94 83 27
10000
0 0

Sample Output:
Region 1
Water level is 46.67 meters.
66.67 percent of the region is under water.


Author:
wkroach